> Date: January 11th of 2020.

Welcome again to more changes and more personal hiccup's. For starters please take a look inside the folder structure. We have 4 main folders now, we need to keep the work flow to a sane level, so let's explore. Improvements is the first and it is all about contribution. Simple? Just make a file with your feedback or changes inside and push it. After that I will make all needed edits and place your name inside the Contributor's list. Simple. Also note that I will try to contact you before I make any changes, so there is that. Onwards to the Legacy folder, very self explanatory but for the sake of reference and all that. All of the older files are now in one place. Moving on the WiP Folder, witch stands for Work in process. Holding up all the projects I am working on right now, articles in the works, todo list, templates, etc. And lastly, this is from my beloved significant other, the RiO Folder, Standing for reviews in Order. Cause inside the BlogSpot page, after viewing my last lesson about blog structure and post, I made some changes. And to clarify I have added tags to the reviews, posting them as separate posts. Effectively creating a sorting system and separate uploads to social media. Meaning better advertisement and social strategy. C/V will hold now all links and references to lessons, and first steps will be as of now a journal recording, holding changes in free write.
That's about it.

> Date: January 15th of 2020.

Back again after 4 days. Were I can only tell you it is been a hell of a double weekend. Anyway, after some very long sets of courses related to computer skills. I am really proud to inform you that we are finally done. Fundamentals, Basics and Intermediate sections are completed. Before you can actually say that I haven't reviewed them all in fully, let it be known that I am aware of it. Of you would be so kind as to notice that these lessons are in fact not as small as they look. Each of them has extra links to YouTube videos or the tutorials from edu.gcfglobal. Specially the tutorials are very long and extremely thorough. So it would take me weeks to right about each of them. So after finishing the general knowledge in computer skills we have a very good grasp on were we are in this department. Now we can supplement our knowledge on them separately using video lessons and other material. like Books or podcasts, we even have email containing from tips to whole courses. Also the Licenses reviews are up as well. Remember to Share and give us your feedback.