
*Dec 20. <-- Articles will be renamed into WAC "Writing Along the Curriculum"
*Dec 23. <-- Due to the free time we are reading all lessons again, and rewriting all articles.

1) - https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/  #1 - Git - Starter

First guide on git. The very manual, learned to created repositories, pull, merge and edit changes. I can call it the very basic training of git, the barebones. More than 10 minutes needless to say. I took my time and ended up in half an hour's worth of course. That's me guess. Also to note that the guide is based on website control, no command line support. Also the first Article. Well.

2) - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/315911/git-for-beginners-the-definitive-practical-guide  
    #1 - Git - Advanced.

The second guide, a google result, it turned out to be practical as advertised. But the order is a bit weird, I went from configuring the git to searching terms I had no clue what they were. Well, all in all, it is rich and content friendly. It is not for me at this point, so I will keep it around as a reference and for random questions. Well as of now, I have visited this guide many times, I have added that it helped me a great many times. Not only the guide itself but also the comments, you canfind plenty of resources, answering to some more inquisitive minds.

3) - https://guide.freecodecamp.org/git   #3 - Git - Starter. 2# - Vscode - Starter

Now, this is what I call entry-level, the most useful guide so far. I can feel the entry-level now, we got some basic concepts and 101s. Git is a distributed control system that helps multiple users or coders have access to a file or program (hosted online on repositories) and modify it. Plain? Simple? Yes but not so much. What shines is in the inner workings, and in this git-case, the impeccable history, and logging, containing date, time changes and comments. Imagine 100 people proofreading the same page at the same time, in different places. After they are done they send the pages to the author to review and accept or refuse the changes. This is git, takes all pages, compares the changes, checks the reasons for the changes, merges the changes with the original page, and voila 1 page merged with 100+ corrections. Ending in a clandestine document passed by 100 sets of eyes, and also a history behind it, all the changes that it went through from the original state, along with the reasons for the edit, the date/hour and the author of the changes. All that in real-time, connecting all of the worlds. Clone - Modify - Stage - commit - push. Five words are all I have.

4) - https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol   #3 Basic after some VScode Tut.

This was one more step up, inside the basics always. We delved inside the VSCode, the text editor of choice, more on that later, there are over 6 lessons to be covered here. Some basic integration is not bad to know. So all in all our editor of choice has all the functions already, just some configurations. The new introduction was the extensions inside the editor, more as we go there. For the time being, "Github Pull requests" the extension, it allows you to process and accept pull requests from within our IDE. Also now we see, in the status bar below the text editor, the username we have inside GitHub. another new tool to have around is the Azure DevOps. Another online host of personal repositories, which connects perfectly with your GitHub account, and your Microsoft account. vscode + Github + Azure DevOps. before the question "why another one like GitHub?", I think it will have its uses. We will keep it around and see in time. Could be a Gem in the long run, or a powerful portable solution, time will tell. I wish I had some training in VScode, waiting for another chair, my house, and my multi-monitor setup.

5) - https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-beginners-guide-to-git-github/   #4 Basics Done.

Well, useful but I could not follow it via the correct order. Around half of the guide, the instructions tell you to add a sample.html. All cool, but the surprise came when you actually have to create it first, inside the local repo directory. Yeah, welcome to the frustration, the newbie got stymied. After a good day searching the most creative key words ever, I asked in the QA community. Namely Stack Overflow, a specialized central to ask anything programming-wise. There are communities about every subject inside Stack Exchange, the mother site of QaAs. Wanna ask something about something? Go there, the first choice. So after a question, some edits, some more searching, I was tinkering inside bash and an error came up. Searching about it, came to answer my own question and solve all my problems with git and that bash. Ending my frustration and the tutorial. Coding is all about experimenting, asking, problem-solving, and using communities. So I have a feeling that today we did all of that. Mission accomplished and some extra, "https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions". This little gem provided us with the umpf we needed, and also supplemented this course lovely. Pulling a repo, accepting an issue and solving it, pushing and getting a pull request, waiting for the acceptance of edits, and thus making the first active contribution ever. I would say at this point that we have completed the basics, with git, and that we now need more specialized knowledge, more on skillset.

6) - https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-
positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/

Well a rather funky tutorial, has a taste of humor that might not appeal to everyone. I don't know if there is a bare minimum in anything, and I don't know what the heck encodings is. But Joel says he can rectify that, and trust me he does. It had some techniques inside i can't say, but skipping past the terms and a bit math, I got it. How from ASCII we went to the Oem and later to Unicode. Speaking of which Unicode was the attempt to unify all codes. All letters in Unicode are assigned to an id, named code point. Eventually, all words are a set of code points. Now on to encoding, first, the Byte Order Mark, which adds an EF or FF to the code point, telling you if it's up in the memory or low. Also, UTF-8 with 1-byte storage on 8 bytes. UTF-7, UCS-4 and plenty. After reaching the end of Joel's guide, we know what encoding is, how to use it and how to effectively debug encoding errors. Also a reference to the Unicode map. Id dare says that Bare Minimums are achieved. And a highly recomended one, its excellent.


7) - https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-what-is-encoding
8) - https://www.w3.org/International/getting-started/characters
9) - https://www.w3.org/International/tutorials/tutorial-char-enc/

https://www.w3.org is the go website for all things programming, literally. Everything i have used from there is top notch, well writen, it is simply a treasure. Now on to our review, we began reading about whether we should care about encondings or not, and following the list of links for the all information we needed, lead to a alot more than the three tutorials almost 8 pages filled with all angles about encodings. Encodings are used, and you should care about them cause if it is not english you want to use, then the display will be art and not letters. Not to mention search engines.... that got your attension! Words or characters are grouped to sets, and ascociated with numbers called code points, ciphers. So to display a unique character you need it's cipher. When you gibberish instead of words, thats a unicode problem. Thats the non techie way, the rest we got was in bytes and bits, if they are high or low in the memory, and setting bytes to letters. The promises: We will have a clear idea about what factors in the choice of unicode, when and how to declare a charset for HTML and CSS documents. What is byte-order mark or BOM and how it is affecting you. Understanding the escapes and how to use them. Well to be honest except the escapes, the rest was done. It is probably my fault will redo them in youtube videos. Also <meta charset="utf-8"/> the first line of code, proud of that.
And this is were the broswer stops loading the page and restarts, with the unicode. This is cause we need to declare it in the begining of the document. See? Just read it. Something will stick. Okay reading this again in order to get some info and re understand, i understood what escapes are and how to use them. Amazing W3c you rock.

10)- Creative Writing by Margaret Atwood.

A rather captive set of videos, the majority of them are about actual creative writing. Rational, yeah well, I expected as much. The reason for watching it, even thou I need more article writing than creative writing, was to widen my horizons in writing in general. As for an entry video in writing, it was pretty good. The author has an amazing way to keep you captivated and lost in the words, it is like a big story. Once you get dragged into darkness suddenly a light. This is some of the most common ways to describe getting lost while reading a book. Hearing all those ways to write, it was inspiring, and very educational. Talking about characters, how to detail about them and talk about them. Foods they like, activities, how many layers of deep knowledge has to be put inside, even a timeline to help you remember how to not forget dates. Then there is the clothing and how many views of perspective we can apply to written word. About using words in a messy order to creating suspense and how that attracts people to keep reading. Lots of different methods to increase your ideapool, how to be creative and also to keep researching, writing and reading, reading is for the most part the best way to replenish that idea pool. I sure need to be keeping post-it notes on me and a pen, to make drafts throughout the day. How to untangle your story and keep the flow going in  a way that makes readers wanting more. That how when we keep exploring and digging more, the more we have to give. As a developer you are required to be working and maintain large times of concentration, so the advice to be prepared for the interruptions is a very good one. Of course we also need to hear conversations, dialogues in order to analyze dialects, slang and way of the common tongue. I personally found it to be very interesting and I kept coming back for more. Thank you Margaret Atwood, it was mind forming.

11) - What you need before you start Programming.

Lets recap that, this is a video that I watched on mistake.
The way i understood it was that it is a video about what we need, well what anyone watching that video needs, before you actually start teaching yourself web development. But tools, soft skills, something along the lines of practical? and we got a motivational video. Well I dont actually hold any love for those types of videos, i just cant watch them. Anyhow I watcched it, seek bar on the move, skipping this, you know the works. And i am impressed, helped me organize my path, make goals, visuallize my target and carve a path to it. I cant believe i am saying this but please take your time and do it, i did, twice and one more to write this. They do help, and if you are a tough cookie and on your way to become an Full stack or even an HTML proof reader, begin there, step uno. Colour me surprised.

12) - https://lab.github.com/githubtraining/introduction-to-github

Finally the work and holidays left and i was able to get around this little gem. It's GitHub's very own personal learn-and-have-fun-by-doing playground. With automated projects and real projects, once you get the hang of a language. This allows you to contribute in active projects and learn how to behave in a team. We did the first courses only, stopping at the advanced stuff. It will allow us to get them at a later time. For the courses we did, they really did give us a really fun and nice change of pace. I got so into the game part, only to later discover the extent of actual knowledge I have gotten by "gaming". The truth came out while writing this review... Figures... All in all a highly recommended set of lessons. Go on, go git Gitfied.

* H1) - https://ohshitgit.com  <-- Honorable Mention 1

And there we got to, perhaps and not only, the best eye-candy of an article/tutorial that i could ever lay eyes on to read. Yes I am talking about all those situations where all that frustration i had with git, commands, console, integrations, migraines with VSCode, were layed to rest. My own slice of heaven, reference to season 4 Rick n Morty, personal pooping place! Not only the article maintains a keen sense of humour that pleases even the hardest costumers, but it also provides you with a cheat sheet of the commands that will save you from an OH SHIT?! GIT! Situation. Also examples, ways to use them and a peace of git you will never forget. Read it, Highly recommended as well and also a excellent bookmark, kudos you get to name it.